Update qchem.md (#686)
NREL/HPC: docs/Documentation/Applications/qchem.md

	echo Running Q-Chem with this command: qchem $QCHEMOPT $jobnm.com $jobnm.out
	qchem $QCHEMOPT $jobnm.com $jobnm.out

	rm $SCRATCH/*
	rmdir $SCRATCH
```

To run this script on systems other than Kestrel, the number of threads should be changed accordingly. 

A large number of example Q-Chem input examples are available in `/nopt/nrel/apps/q-chem/<version>/samples`.

## Running BrianQC
BrianQC is the GPU version of Q-Chem and can perform Q-Chem calculations on GPUs, which is significantly faster for some larger ab initio jobs. BrianQC uses the same input file as Q-Chem. Below is a sample slurm script for BrianQC, which should be submitted on the GPU login nodes of Kestrel. If running on Swift, please also add "#SBATCH -p gpu" to the header of this script.
```
 	#!/bin/bash
	#SBATCH --job-name=my_qchem_job
	#SBATCH --account=[my_allocation_ID]
	#SBATCH --nodes=1
 	#SBATCH --tasks-per-node=104
  	#SBATCH --time=01:00:00
   	#SBATCH --gres=gpu:[number of gpu]
	#SBATCH --mem=[requested memory]
	#SBATCH --mail-type=BEGIN,END,FAIL
	#SBATCH --mail-user=your_email@domain.name
	#SBATCH --output=std-%j.out
	#SBATCH --error=std-%j.err
	 
	# Load the Q-Chem environment
	module load brianqc

> 	if [ -e /dev/nvme0n1 ]; then

Reviewer: All GPU nodes have local disk so this check shouldn't be necessary

	#SBATCH --account=[my_allocation_ID]
	#SBATCH --nodes=1
 	#SBATCH --tasks-per-node=104
  	#SBATCH --time=01:00:00
   	#SBATCH --exclusive
	#SBATCH --mail-type=BEGIN,END,FAIL
	#SBATCH --mail-user=your_email@domain.name
	#SBATCH --output=std-%j.out
	#SBATCH --error=std-%j.err
	 
	# Load the Q-Chem environment
	module load q-chem/6.2

	if [ -e /dev/nvme0n1 ]; then
	 SCRATCH=$TMPDIR
	 echo "This node has a local storage and will use $SCRATCH as the scratch path"
	else
	 SCRATCH=/scratch/$USER/$SLURM_JOB_ID
	 echo "This node does not have a local storage drive and will use $SCRATCH as the scratch path"
	fi

	mkdir -p $SCRATCH

	export QCSCRATCH=$SCRATCH
	export QCLOCALSCR=$SCRATCH

	jobnm=qchem_test

	if [ $SLURM_JOB_NUM_NODES -gt 1 ]; then
	 QCHEMOPT="-mpi -np $SLURM_NTASKS"
	else
	 QCHEMOPT="-nt $SLURM_NTASKS"
	fi

	echo Running Q-Chem with this command: qchem $QCHEMOPT $jobnm.com $jobnm.out
	qchem $QCHEMOPT $jobnm.com $jobnm.out

	rm $SCRATCH/*
	rmdir $SCRATCH
```

To run this script on systems other than Kestrel, the number of threads should be changed accordingly. In addition, the scratch directory will set to the local disk if a local disk is available.

> For large size jobs, which may have extensive I/O for reading and writing scratch files, using nodes with a local disk would improve job performance. To request nodes with local disk, use the --tmp option in the job submission script (e.g. --tmp=1600000). Note that all of the Bigmem nodes and H100 GPU nodes have local disks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For large size jobs, which may have extensive I/O for reading and writing scratch files, using nodes with a local disk would improve job performance. To request standard CPU nodes with local disk, use the `nvme` partition (e.g. --partition=nvme). Note that all of the Bigmem nodes and H100 GPU nodes have local disks.
```

A large number of example Q-Chem input examples are available in `/nopt/nrel/apps/q-chem/<version>/samples`.

## Running BrianQC
BrianQC is the GPU version of Q-Chem and can perform Q-Chem calculations on GPUs, which is significantly faster for some larger ab initio jobs. BrianQC uses the same input file as Q-Chem. Below is a sample slurm script for BrianQC, which should be submitted on the GPU login nodes of Kestrel. If running on Swift, please also add "#SBATCH -p gpu" to the header of this script.
```
 	#!/bin/bash
	#SBATCH --job-name=my_qchem_job
	#SBATCH --account=[my_allocation_ID]
	#SBATCH --nodes=1

>  	#SBATCH --tasks-per-node=104

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 	#SBATCH --tasks-per-node=<ntasks per node> 
```

A template Slurm script to run Q-Chem with 104 threads is:

### Sample Submission Script for Kestrel

```
 	#!/bin/bash
	#SBATCH --job-name=my_qchem_job
	#SBATCH --account=my_allocation_ID
	#SBATCH --nodes=1
 	#SBATCH --tasks-per-node=104
  	#SBATCH --time=01:00:00
   	#SBATCH --exclusive
	#SBATCH --mail-type=BEGIN,END,FAIL
	#SBATCH --mail-user=your_email@domain.name
	#SBATCH --output=std-%j.out
	#SBATCH --error=std-%j.err
	 
	# Load the Q-Chem environment
	module load q-chem/6.2

	if [ -e /dev/nvme0n1 ]; then
	 SCRATCH=$TMPDIR
	 echo "This node has a local storage and will use $SCRATCH as the scratch path"
	else
	 SCRATCH=/scratch/$USER/$SLURM_JOB_ID
	 echo "This node does not have a local storage drive and will use $SCRATCH as the scratch path"
	fi

	mkdir -p $SCRATCH

	export QCSCRATCH=$SCRATCH
	export QCLOCALSCR=$SCRATCH

	jobnm=qchem_test

	if [ $SLURM_JOB_NUM_NODES -gt 1 ]; then
	 QCHEMOPT="-mpi -np $SLURM_NTASKS"
	else
	 QCHEMOPT="-nt $SLURM_NTASKS"
	fi

	echo Running Q-Chem with this command: qchem $QCHEMOPT $jobnm.com $jobnm.out
	qchem $QCHEMOPT $jobnm.com $jobnm.out

	rm $SCRATCH/*
	rmdir $SCRATCH
```

> To run this script on HPCs other than Kestrel, the number of threads should be changed accordingly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this script on systems other than Kestrel, the number of threads should be changed accordingly. 
```

A large number of example Q-Chem input examples are available in `/nopt/nrel/apps/q-chem/<version>/samples`.

## Running BrianQC
BrianQC is the GPU version of Q-Chem and can perform Q-Chem calculations on GPUs, which is significantly faster for some larger ab initio jobs. BrianQC uses the same input file as Q-Chem. To run BrianQC, please make the following changes to the sample Slurm scipt above:

> 1. Add this line in the header section: "#SBATCH --gres=gpu:1"

Reviewer: If only using 1 GPU, would you recommend removing --exclusive and changing the number of cores, so that the job isn't charged for the full node and 3 GPUs aren't idle? For GPU jobs, RAM also needs to be requested.

2. Load the BrianQC module instead of Q-Chem: "module load brianqc"
3. Add "-gpu" in $QCHEMOPT like:
   ```
	if [ $SLURM_JOB_NUM_NODES -gt 1 ]; then
	 QCHEMOPT="-gpu -mpi -np $SLURM_NTASKS"
	else
	 QCHEMOPT="-gpu -nt $SLURM_NTASKS"
	fi
   ```

> 4. Submit jobs through the GPU login nodes on Kestrel or add "#SBATCH -p gpu" to the header of slurm file if running on Swift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Submit jobs through the GPU login nodes on Kestrel or add "#SBATCH -p gpu" to the header of the batch script if running on Swift.
```
